As Mick enters the dining room he finds his wife, Bianca, sobbing while staring out through the window.
What is it, love? He asks, hugging her.
I can’t look at it anymore.
What’s wrong with the garden? Mick asks.
I love everything about this house. I don’t want us to sell up and leave.
We agreed it’s for the best. We won’t exchange contracts until after Christmas; we’re not going yet? Is that why you’re crying?
Yes. No. Something’s happened. It’s not my reflection. It’s me then, not me, now. 
What are you talking about?
Look at the bloody mirror, Mick! 
Turning to look at the large ornate black and gold framed mirror hanging on the wall opposite the window, Mick gasps, Oh shit! I’m the same. It’s impossible. I’m holding the screwdriver I used to …
… yes, screw our beautiful mirror to the wall, Bianca concludes. 
Do you remember, Mick asks, how we found it almost hidden in that antique shop?
Of course. We’ve given it a home all these years. It’s been like I’ve always said: there are mirrors that are warm and gentle, and mirrors that are cold and jagged. Ours is the best of the best, almost like an old friend, but taken for granted.
Are you suggesting it’s alive? Mick asks. Sentient?
I don’t know. What I do know is that, somehow, it’s trying to tell us something.
It’s some sort of trick to pretend our house is haunted so we’ll drop the price.
How could anyone do that? 
Both of us can’t be imagining the same thing.
It’s real, Mick. Real.

It’s evening as Bianca and Mick anxiously enter the dining room, to see if the mirror is back to ‘normal’. They gasp. They both nurse babies. Those are our babies! Bloody hell! 
The scene changes: first babies, then toddlers, teens and finally smiling adults holding their own children. Unbelievable, Mick says, forty years in thirty seconds.
The image changes. Look, Bianca says, Wonderful, all our friends. Even though everyone’s laughing, they’re stuck in a freeze frame and there’s no sound.
Silent friends, Mick laughs. When were they ever quiet? Those are our streamers, and our lighted candles on the mantelpiece. The wooden beams are just like you always do them, wrapped in holly, ivy and mistletoe. 
The dogs are asleep on the hearth in front of a wood fire. Bianca laughs. And just look at our table: food, fruit, wines, cheese, crackers, a pudding, and sparkling glasses. The mirror has memory; it holds the memories that we’ve forgotten.
It’s all our Christmases that have ever been in this room all rolled into one, Mick says. He looks at Bianca, Do you agree? She nods. They kiss. On the count of three.
We’re staying put for good and all, the couple announce.
The scene bursts into life. The cheers are deafening. 

In the mirror Bianca and Mick see themselves just as they are. 
Thank you, mirror. Happy Christmas.