Great... now let us move to next step of ElevenLabs integration. We have to be careful and innovative as this costs me a lot. So before doing anything, let us discuss the design in detail. Already some integration logic is put in place. Analyze ElevenLabs integration and let me know what we have done so far.

Yes, we need to monitor the actual API response not just request. Sometimes request does not go anywhere. I do not have any budget in my mind but If I can see the cost tracking I can enable or disable the ELevenLabs or switch to different provider. We can keep it for all users, but I am thinking to put limitations on how many stories a user can have in draft mode. Probably the current design is a bad design. What if user does not have story but 1000s of global voice samples? We may be unnecessarily calling ElevenLabs for cloning the voice. Think about this and provide a solution but do not code. Share your ideas only

All valid points, but I have 2 questions. If you only trigger ElevenLabs for completed story and not for DRAFT, then how will the user test the narration? Are we not marking story as complete after user validated the narration quality? My next question is if you remove the global voice samples, how will you share the user already recorded and cloned frustration voice with different user stories. We dont want ask the user to record his voice again and again for the same emotion, sound etc. The idea is to quickly get to narration for stories in future as more and more sample emotions, sounds etc are captured from previous stories. Again share you thoughts
Also, I do not want the automatic ElevenLabs trigger though session count etc. for now. Let us provide a simple button on the emotion / sound / modulation tab for user to click the Cloning task. Let us make sure the user completes all the voice sample recording for emotions to click the emotion voice cloning and all the sounds for that story to start sounds cloning. Let us disply a user friendly message like "Please record all your sample voices to create narrator voice" User will not understand what is cloning. Now with this approach, tell me all the tasks to be done step by step